# Pymaceuticals
-----
## Observations Based on Data
1. Capomulin was significantly the most successful at treating tummors for mice. As seen in the plot titled "Tumor Response to Treatment," it is seen that it was the only drug that reduced the total tumor volume during the time frame of treatment. It also had the highest survival rate compared to the other treatments as seen in "Survival During Treatment." While spread of metastatic sites still increased for this drug, it was much less in comparison to the other treatments as seen in "Metastatic Spread During Treatment." Capomulin is an effective method of treatment and is recommended to advance to the next round of studies.
2. Ketapril was the least effective at treating tumor volume. As seen in plot "Tumor Response to Treatment," it had slightly greater average growth over the time span than the placebo group. Ketapril had a slower average increase in metastatic sites than the Placebo group during time frame of treatment, but overall the number of metatastic sites were similar by the end of treatment as seen in "Metastatic Spread During Treatment." Ketapril's surival rates are comparable to the placebo at the end of the time frame of treatment as seen in "Survival During Treatment." Ketapril is not an effective method of treatment and is not recommended to advance to the next round of studies.
3. Infubinol performed consistently better than placebo in terms of slightly decreased average rate of tumor volume growth as seen in plot "Tumor Response to Treatment." It also showed slower rates of metastatic spread in comparison to placebo as seen in "Metastatic Spread During Treatment." However, survival rate for Infubinol is inconsistant throughout the duration of the time frame for treatment in comparison to placebo, sometimes going above or below the rate of survival of placebo as seen in "Survival During Treatment." By the end of the trial, Infubinol had the lowest survival rate of all treatments. More testing need to be conducted for Infubinol for its effectiveness, but overall due to the inconsistent rates of survival over the duration of treatment, Infubinol is not recommended to advance to the next round of studies.